[SYCLomatic][CMake] Enable warning msg framework to the remove YAML rules which may have some side effects (#2266)
oneapi-src/SYCLomatic: clang/test/dpct/cmake_migration/case_041/expected.txt

target_link_options(quda PUBLIC  )

target_link_options(nvcv_util_compat PUBLIC

>     # DPCT3002:1: '-static-libstdc++' is not supported together with '-fsycl' when using icpx compiler. You may need to manually fix it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # DPCT3002:1: '-static-libstdc++' is removed because it is not supported to be used together with option '-fsycl' of SYCL compiler. You may need to check the build options.
```

Author: Okay
